Move substitutions from `common_links.rst` to `doc_guide.rst` (#2272)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2272.doc.rst

> Moved reST_ substitutions from :file:`docs/common_links.rst` the file

Author: ```suggestion
Moved reST_ substitutions from :file:`docs/common_links.rst` to the file
```

> Moved reST_ substitutions from :file:`docs/common_links.rst` to the file
> the substitutions are used in.

Author: ```suggestion
Moved definitions of reST_ substitutions from :file:`docs/common_links.rst`
to the file :file:`docs/contributing/doc_guide.rst` in order to speed up the
documentation build (see :issue:`2277`\ ).
```
